# CLARIAH-SDH Website


## Intro

This is the website for the CLARIAH structured data hub. It is generated by running the `build.py` script, which will collect
relevant content from yaml files indicated in the `config.yaml` file.

## Installation

* Clone the repository to your favourite location, and cd into the directory
* Create a `virtualenv` by running `virtualenv .` and activate it (`source bin/activate` on unix-like systems)
* Install the necessary dependencies `pip install -r requirements.txt`
* Make adjustments as you see fit, and then run `python build.py`

## File locations

With the default `config.yaml` file, the script will look at:

* All files in the `content` directory explicitly mentioned in the `config.yaml` file under `content` (duh). These will be accessible through the `content` variable in the `index.html` Jinja2 template.
* All files in the directories specified under `blogs` in the `config.yaml` file. These will be accessible through the `blog` variable in the `index.html` Jinja2 template.

## File formats

* For all files in the `blogs` directories, the YAML files that contain a `title` will be added to the Atom feed (`atom.xml`) and really treated as posts.
* The `description` field in these files will be interpreted as Markdown.
* The `type` field will determine whether the `source` is seen as Slideshare presentation, or as Youtube/Vimeo clip.

## Customization

You are free to add additional types of blogs, or content pages, but you need to make sure that they are inserted in the right place within the generated `index.html`.

To do this, you need to learn the [Jinja2](http://jinja.pocoo.org) templating language and feed the elements into the HTML by modifying the `index.html` template in the `templates` directory.
